## Ensemble Methods - Hyperparameter Tuning
#### Creating new project based on hyperparameter tunining of several tree-based and ensemble methods, then performing 2D prediction to teach geoscience students.
#### Data summary
In this workflow, we demonstrated the use four different tree based methods, three of which were ensemble methods. Each method first showed initial predictions given two min/max normalized predictive features against that of cum_oil_365, which was also normalized. Following the initial predictions was a demonstration of tuning one or two of a given tree based method's hyperparameters to allow for better cum_oil_365 prediction results in the testing data. After showing the updated cum_oil_365 prediction, a spatial production prediction was performed for both the training dataset and the testing dataset. Each method did relatively well in predicting production, but it was clear that the decision tree had trouble with overfitting, and as a result, we implemented three ensemble methods: gradient tree boosting, tree bagging, and random forest. The gradient tree boosting method gave better results than that of the tree bagging, but appeared sensitive to the choice of parameters when performing the spatial production predictions. That said, this may be more of an issue to how the spatial production prediction function was coded up. Furthermore, tree bagging and random forest (which is a more advanced version of tree bagging) showed less sensitivity to the choice in parameters in regard to the spatially predicting production, where the trees in these methods can be grown to be very complicated and prune back in order to avoid overfitting. However, tree bagging can suffer from trees growing in a similar manner due to having a feature with a variance that dominates over the overs. Whereas random forest splits the trees based on the square root of the number of predictive features to ensure that each tree grows in a different way. As a result, the spatial production prediction results of the random forest method were more conservative and represented a wider range of values overall than the tree bagging method, which could be a result of how each tree grew.